# Uncommon

## CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made by **XXX Pvt. Ltd.**, (*“XXX”*) and **Rahul Gonsalves** (“*Consultant*”), effective this **_1st day of December, 2013_**, for the purpose of setting forth the exclusive terms and conditions by which Company will acquire Consultant’s services on a temporary basis.

In consideration of the mutual obligations specified in this Agreement, and any compensation paid to Consultant for her or his services, the parties agree to the following:

1. **Work and Payment.**  Attached to this Agreement as **Exhibit A** hereto is a statement of the work to be performed by Consultant, Consultant’s rate of payment for such work, expenses to be paid in connection with such work, the term of this Agreement and such other terms and conditions as shall be deemed appropriate or necessary for the performance of the work.  
The Company is not obligated to issue any additional orders for work by Consultant under this Agreement.  Consultant should not commence services under this Agreement until this Agreement is signed and delivered by an authorized representative of Company

2. **Nondisclosure and Trade Secrets**.  During the term of this Agreement and in the course of Consultant’s performance hereunder, Consultant may receive and otherwise be exposed to confidential and proprietary information relating to Company’s business practices, strategies and technologies.  Such confidential and proprietary information may include but not be limited to confidential and proprietary information supplied to Consultant with the legend “Company Confidential and Proprietary,” or equivalent, Company’s marketing and customer support strategies, Company’s financial information, including sales, costs, profits and pricing methods, Company’s internal organization, employee information and customer lists, Company’s technology, including discoveries, inventions, research and development efforts, processes, hardware/software design and maintenance tools, samples, media and/or cell lines (and procedures and formulations for producing any such samples, media and/or cell lines), formulas, methods, product knowhow and showhow, and all derivatives, improvements and enhancements to any of the above which are created or developed by Consultant under this Agreement and information of third parties as to which Company has an obligation of confidentiality (collectively referred to as “Information”).  
  Consultant acknowledges the confidential and secret character of the Information, and agrees that the Information is the sole, exclusive and extremely valuable property of Company  Accordingly, Consultant agrees not to reproduce any of the Information without the applicable prior written consent of Company, not to use the Information except in the performance of this Agreement, and not to disclose all or any part of the Information in any form to any third party, either during or after the term of this Agreement.  Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, including expiration of term, Consultant agrees to cease using and to return to Company all whole and partial copies and derivatives of the Information, whether in Consultant’s possession or under Consultant’s direct or indirect control.
Consultant shall not disclose or otherwise make available to Company in any manner any confidential information of Consultant or received by Consultant from third parties.
This Section 2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason, including expiration of term.

3. **Ownership of Work Product.**  Consultant shall specifically describe and identify in Exhibit A to this Agreement all technology  
(a) which Consultant intends to use in performing under this Agreement  
(b) which is either owned solely by Consultant or licensed to Consultant with a right to sublicense, and  
(c) which is in existence in the form of a writing or working prototype prior to the effective date of this Agreement (“Background Technology”).  
Consultant agrees that any and all ideas, improvements, inventions and works of authorship conceived, written, created or first reduced to practice in the performance of work under this Agreement shall be the sole and exclusive property of Company and hereby assigns to Company all its right, title and interest in and to any and all such ideas, improvements, inventions and works of authorship.  
Consultant further agrees that except for Consultant’s rights in Background Technology, Company is and shall be vested with all rights, title and interests including patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark rights in Consultant’s entire work product under this Agreement.  Consultant hereby grants to Company a non-exclusive, royalty free and worldwide right to use and sublicense the use of Background Technology for the purpose of developing and marketing Company products, but not for the purpose of marketing Background Technology separate from Company products.  
Consultant shall execute all papers, including patent applications, invention assignments and copyright assignments, and otherwise shall assist Company as reasonably required to perfect in Company the rights, title and other interests in Consultant’s work product expressly granted to Company under this Agreement.  Costs related to such assistance, if required, shall be paid by Company  
This Section 3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason, including expiration of term.

4. **Indemnification/Release.**  Consultant agrees to take all necessary precautions to prevent injury to any persons (including employees of Company) or damage to property (including Company property) during the term of this Agreement and shall indemnify and hold harmless Company and its officers, agents, directors and employees against any claim, loss, judgment, expense (including reasonable attorneys’ and expert witnesses’ fees and costs) and injury to person or property (including death) resulting in any way from any act, omission or negligence on the part of Consultant in the performance or failure to perform the scope of work under this Agreement, excepting only those losses which are due solely and directly to Company’s gross negligence.  
Consultant warrants that it has good and marketable title to all of the inventions, Information, material, or work product made, created, conceived, written, invented or provided by Consultant pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement (“Work Product”).  Consultant further warrants that the Work Product shall be free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances or demands of third parties, including any claims by any such third parties of any right, title or interest in or to the Work Product arising out of any trade secret, copyright or patent.  Consultant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its officers, agents, directors, employees, and customers from and against any claim, loss, judgment or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ and expert witnesses’ fees and costs) resulting from or arising in any way out of any such claims by any third parties which are based upon or are the result of any breach of the warranties contained in this Section 4.  In the event of a breach or threatened breach of the foregoing warranty, Consultant shall, at no additional cost to Company, replace or modify the Product with a functionally equivalent and conforming Product, obtain for Company the right to continue using the Product and, in all other respects, use its best efforts to remedy the breach.  Consultant shall have no liability under this Section 4 for any Product created in accordance with detailed and specific design instructions provided to Consultant by Company  
Should Company permit Consultant to use any of Company’s equipment, tools or facilities during the term of this Agreement, such permission will be gratuitous and Consultant shall indemnify and hold harmless Company and its officers, agents, directors, and employees from and against any claim, loss, judgment, expense (including reasonable attorneys’ and expert witnesses’ fees and costs) and injury to person or property (including death) arising out of the use of any such equipment, tools or facilities, whether or not such claim is based upon its condition or on the alleged negligence of Company in permitting its use.

5. **Termination.**  Either Company or Consultant may terminate this Agreement in the event of a material breach of the Agreement which is not cured within fifteen (15) days of written notice to the other of such breach.  Material breaches include but are not limited to the filing of bankruptcy papers or other similar arrangements due to insolvency, the assignment of Consultant’s obligations to perform to third parties or Consultant’s acceptance of employment or consulting arrangements with third parties which are or may be detrimental to Company’s business interests.
Company may terminate this Agreement for convenience with fifteen (15) days’ written notice.  In such event, Consultant shall cease work immediately after receiving notice from Company, unless otherwise advised by Company, and shall notify Company of costs incurred up to the termination date.

6. **Taxes.**  Consultant agrees that Consultant alone is responsible for paying all taxes and statutory contributions relating to Consultant’s receipt of fees related to its performance of the Services.  Consultant further agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company from any and all claims made by any government entity on account of an alleged failure by Consultant to satisfy any tax or statutory contribution relating to such fees. The rates mentioned in Exhibit A are inclusive of all taxes.  

7. **Compliance with Applicable Laws.**  Consultant warrants that all material supplied and work performed under this Agreement complies with or will comply with all applicable United States and foreign laws and regulations.
Independent Consultant.  Consultant is an independent Consultant, is not an agent or employee of Company and is not authorized to act on behalf of Company  Consultant will not be eligible for any employee benefits, nor will Company make deductions from any amounts payable to Consultant for taxes.  Taxes shall be the sole responsibility of Consultant.

8. **Legal and Equitable Remedies.**  Consultant hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach of this Agreement by Consultant, including, without limitation, the actual or threatened disclosure of Information without the prior express written consent of Company, Company will suffer an irreparable injury, such that no remedy at law will afford it adequate protection against, or appropriate compensation for, such injury.  Accordingly, Consultant hereby agrees that Company shall be entitled to specific performance of Consultant’s obligations under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

9. **Arbitration.** It is agreed by the Parties that in the event of any dispute or difference arising between the Parties with respect to the interpretation of any of the provisions contained in this Agreement and on the inability of the Parties to amicably resolve such 	dispute within a period of 30 days from the date of commencement of such dispute, it shall be referred to arbitration under the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The Parties shall mutually agree on an arbitrator to decide on the dispute and in the event of the parties being unable to agree on a single arbitrator within a period of 15 days, each party shall be entitled to appoint one arbitrator and the presiding arbitrator shall be appointed by the two nominated arbitrators The Arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and as per the substantive laws of India. The language of the proceedings shall be English and the situs of the Arbitration shall be Bangalore.

10. **General.**  The parties’ rights and obligations under this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, heirs, executors, and administrators and permitted assigns.  This Agreement and its Exhibits attached hereto and hereby incorporated herein constitute the parties’ final, exclusive and complete understanding and agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements relating to its subject matter.  This Agreement may not be waived, modified, amended or assigned unless mutually agreed upon in writing by both parties.  In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be legally unenforceable, such unenforceability shall not prevent enforcement of any other provision of the Agreement.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of India, excluding its conflicts of laws principles.  Any notices required or permitted hereunder shall be given to the appropriate party at the address specified below or at such other address as the party shall specify in writing.  Such notice shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, and three (3) days after the date of mailing.

In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

Company Name (in full) | Consulatant
------------ | -------------
By | Rahul Gonsalves
&nbsp;  |  &nbsp;
Title  |  PAN # or TAN# for Tax purposes
## Exhibit A
* Work to be performed: **Designer on contract basis**
* Rate of payment: ** Payment at a rate of INR XX,XXX (+Applicable Taxes) per week of services performed**
* Expenses to be paid: **Travel expenses, with prior authorization, can be claimed at actuals**
* Term of Agreement: **Six months from the date of the agreement**