LLP AGREEMENT(As per Section 23(4) of LLP Act, 2008)THIS Agreement of LLP made on this ……………………., 2012,  at Bangalore. BETWEEN Mr. Rahul Gonsalves, S/o. Paul Gonsalves, aged about 25 years, residing at No. B2, Oakland Residency, 6/2 High Street, Cooke Town, Hutchins Road, Bangalore- 560005, Karnataka, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof, include his legal heirs, successors, nominees and permitted assignees and hereinafter called the FIRST PARTY,   ANDMr. Kamaan Singh Dhami, S/o. Diwan Singh Dhami, aged about 36 years, residing at No 86, 2nd Floor, 2nd Main, Near Hasnath College, Byreshwara Layout, Hennur Bande, Bangalore-560043, Karnataka, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof, include his legal heirs, successors, nominees and permitted assignees and hereinafter called the SECOND PARTY,  (All the above mentioned Party shall be collectively referred to as parties/partners)NOW, Parties desiring to carry on the business as fully described in Clause 4 of this agreement are interested in forming a Limited Liability Partnership under the Limited Liability Partnership Act 2008.IT IS HEREBY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS:    A Limited Liability Partnership shall be carried on in the name and style of                        Pixelogue Design LLP and hereinafter called as ‘LLP’. The LLP shall have its registered office at No. B2, Oakland Residency, 6/2 High Street, Cooke Town, Hutchins Road, Bangalore- 560005, Karnataka and/or at such other place or places, as shall be agreed to by the majority of the partners from time to time.Capital:3.1  	The Capital of the LLP shall be Rs.10,000/- (Ten Thousand Only) which shall be contributed by the partners in the following proportions.Name of the Partner	Amount invested as Capital in Rs.	PercentageRahul Gonsalves	5.000	50%Kamaan Singh Dhami	5.000	50%Total	10,000	100%3.2   The Parties may bring in additional Capital as may be decided from time to time. The additional Capital to be brought in by the Partners shall be in the ratio of their profit sharing or a similar arrangement that may be decided from time to time. If the partners do not bring in the Capital in their profit sharing ratio, then the majority of partners will decide the profit sharing ratio as they think fit or proper. Business:1)    To carry on the business of providing solutions and services related to web, mobile, digital, e-commerce based technologies, products and applications including to design, develop, maintain, operate, own, establish, install, host, provide, create, facilitate, supply, sale, purchase, licence or otherwise deal in Internet portals, Internet  networks, Media Portals, Internet solutions, Web-site designing, Web based and Web enabled services and applications, Mobile based and mobile enabled services and applications and E-commerce technologies and E-commerce enabled services and applications and digital conversations both within India and abroad.2)   To provide consultancy services related to web, mobile, digital based technologies, products and applications both within India and abroad.Common seal:The LLP shall have a common seal to be affixed on documents as defined by partners under the signature of any of the Designated Partners.Profit Sharing:All the Partners of the LLP are entitled to share profit and losses in the following ratio: Name of the Partner	Profit Sharing RatioRahul Gonsalves	100%Kamaan Singh Dhami	0%Total	100%Admission of New Partner:7.1.  No Person may be introduced as a new partner without the consent of all the existing partners. Such incoming partner shall give his prior consent to act as Partner of the LLP.7.2  The Contribution of the partner may be tangible, intangible, moveable or immoveable property The partner may be a mutual consent admit a new partner/s based upon such terms and conditions as they mutually decide upon at the time of his/her admission as a partner into the firm.7.3  The Profit sharing ratio of the incoming partner will be in proportion to his contribution towards LLP.Rights of Partners:8.1  	All the partners hereto shall have the rights, title and interest in all the assets and properties in the said LLP in the proportion of their Contribution. 8.2    	Every partner has a right to have access to and to inspect and copy any books of the LLP. 8.3    	Each of the parties hereto shall be entitled to carry on their own, separate and independent business as hitherto they might be doing or they may hereafter do as they deem fit and proper and other partners and the LLP shall have no objection thereto provided that the said partner has intimated the said fact to the LLP before-hand. 8.4   LLP shall have perpetual succession. Death, retirement or insolvency of any partner shall not dissolve the LLP. 8.5   	On retirement of a partner, the retiring partner shall be entitled to full payment in respect of all his rights, title and interest in the partner as herein provided. However, upon insolvency of a partner his or her rights, title and interest in the LLP shall come to an end. Upon the death of any of the partners herein any one of his or her heirs will be admitted as a partner of the LLP in place of such deceased partner. The heirs, executors and administrators of such deceased partners shall be entitled to and shall be paid the full payment in respect of the right, title and interest of such deceased partner.8.6   On the death of any partner, if his or her heir opts not to become the partner, the surviving partners shall have the option to purchase the contribution of the deceased partner in the LLP.Duties of Partners:9.1    	Every partner shall account to the LLP for any benefit derived by him without the consent of the LLP from any transaction concerning the LLP, or from any use by him of the property, name or any business connection of the LLP.9.2    	Every partner shall indemnify the LLP and the other existing partner for any loss caused to it by his fraud in the conduct of the business of the LLP.9.3   	Each partner shall render true accounts and full information of all things affecting the LLP to any partner or his legal representatives any partner or his legal representatives..9.4   In case any of the Partners of the LLP desires to transfer or assign his interest or shares in the LLP, he has to first offer the same to the remaining partners by delivering of a written notice to all the existing partners at the address provided to the LLP, clearly stating the share of LLP that he wishes to transfer or assign.  The remaining partners may within 60 days of receipt of the notice revert to the exiting partner of their interest in purchase the share of the exiting partner. If the remaining partners decline to buy the share of the exiting partner then the exiting partner can offer to sell his share in the LLP to a third party approved on approval by majority of the remaining partners. 9.5    No partner shall without the written consent of the LLP,--9.5.1  	Employ any money, goods or effects of the LLP or pledge the credit thereof except in the ordinary course of business and upon the account or for the benefit of the LLP with consent of majority of partners.9.5.2   	Lend money or give credit on behalf of the LLP or to have any dealings with any persons, LLP or firm whom the other partner previously in writing have forbidden it to trust or deal with. Any loss incurred through any breach of provisions shall be made good with the LLP by the partner incurring the same.9.5.3   	Enter into any bond or become surety or security with or for any person or do knowingly cause or suffer to be done anything whereby the LLP property or any part thereof may be seized.9.5.4   	Assign, mortgage or charge his or her share in the LLP or any asset or property thereof or make any other person a partner therein.9.5.5   	Compromise or compound or (except upon payment in full) release or discharge any debt due to the LLP except upon the written consent given by the other partner.9.6    Each partner shall--9.6.1   	Punctually pay and discharge the separate debts and engagement and indemnify the other partners and the LLP’s assets against the same and all proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect thereof.9.6.2   	Each of the partners shall give time and attention as may be required for the fulfillment of the objectives of the LLP business and all partners shall be the working partners.Meetings: 10.1 All the matters related to the LLP as mentioned in schedule II to this agreement shall be decided by a resolution passed by a majority in number of the partners, and for this purpose, each partner shall have one vote. 10.2 The meeting of the Partners may be called by sending 15 days prior notice to all the partners at their residential address or by mail at the Email ids provided by the individual Partners in writing to the LLP. In case any partner is a foreign resident the meeting may be conducted by serving 15 days prior notice through email. Provided the meeting may be called at shorter notice, if majority of the partners agree in writing to the same either before or after the meeting.10.3 The meeting of Partners shall ordinarily be held at the registered office of the LLP or at any other place as per the convenience of partners. The LLP shall ensure that decisions taken by it are recorded in the minutes within thirty days of taking such decisions and are kept and maintained at the registered office of the LLP.10.4 With the written consent of all the partners, a meeting of the Partners may be conducted through teleconferencing.   10.5 Every LLP shall ensure that decisions taken by it are recorded in the minutes within thirty days of taking such decisions and are kept and maintained at the registered office of the LLP.Operation of Bank Account:	The Designated Partner shall open the LLP’s account in any scheduled Bank or Banks as may be agreed upon, and such account shall be opened and operated individually by Mr. Rahul Gonsalves and Kamaan Singh Dhami, Designated partner. The Designated Partner shall also be entitled to authorize any other person to operate such bank account/s with consent of other partners, subject to any instruction/s as may be given to the bankers from time to time by the Designated Partner hereto.Borrowings:The Partners shall not borrow amount from any bank or banks or third parties in the name of the LLP without the consent of all the partners. The borrowings include obtaining of cash credit, overdraft, term loan, bill discounting or any other mode of credit facilities.Duties of Designated Partner:13.1 The First Party and the Second Party shall act as the Designated Partners of the LLP in terms of the requirement of the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008.     13.2 The Designated Partners shall be responsible for the doing of all acts, matters and things as are required to be done by the LLP in respect of compliance of the provisions of this Act including filing of any document, return, statement and the like report pursuant to the provisions of Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008. 13.3 The Designated Partners shall be responsible for the doing of all acts arising out of this agreement.13.4 The LLP shall pay such remuneration to the Designated Partner as may be decided by the majority of the Partners, for rendering his / her services as such.13.5 The LLP shall indemnify and defend its partners and other officers from and against any and all liability in connection with claims, actions and proceedings (regardless of the outcome), judgment, loss or settlement thereof, whether civil or criminal, arising out of or resulting from their respective performances as partners and officers of the LLP, except for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the partner or officer seeking indemnification.Cessation of existing Partners14.1 	Partner may cease to be partner of the LLP by giving a notice in writing of not less than thirty (30) days to the other partners of his intention to resign as partner but none shall leave the firm until or unless all the pending commitments are carried out, liabilities paid off, assets realized and accounts are rendered fully and settled finally to the entire satisfaction of each of the parties hereto.14.2  	No majority of Partners can expel any partner except in the situation where any partner has been found guilty of carrying on activity/business of LLP for personal benefits or for any other fraudulent purpose.Extent of Liability of LLP 15.1  LLP is not bound by anything done by a partner in dealing with a person if—15.1.1 The partner in fact has no authority to act for the LLP in doing a particular act; and15.1.2  The person knows that he has no authority or does not know or believe him to be a partner of the LLP.15.2 The LLP shall indemnify each partner in respect of payments made and personal liabilities incurred by him—15.2.1  In the ordinary and proper conduct of the business of the limited liability partnership; or15.2.2 In or about anything necessarily done for the preservation of the business or property of the limited liability partnership.Books of Accounts and Accounting Year:16.1  The books of accounts of the firm shall be kept at the registered office of the LLP for the reference of all the partners.16.2  The accounting year of the LLP shall be from 1st April of the year to 31st March of subsequent year. The first accounting year shall be from the date of commencement of this LLP till 31st March of the subsequent year.Arbitration:All matters and, disputes connected with the business, between the partners or between the Partner and the LLP arising out of this LLP agreement which cannot be resolved in terms of this agreement shall be referred for arbitration as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (26 of 1996).Governing Act:All other matters for which there are no specific provisions in this LLP agreement shall be governed by the provisions of the Indian Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008.Additions and Alterations:Every additions, alterations or deletions made to this deed by mutual agreement of the partners in writing shall form part and parcel of this deed. Winding up:The LLP can be wounded up with the consent of all the partners subject to the provisions of Limited Liability Partnership Act 2008We, the several partners whose names and address are subscribed above, are desirous of being formed into a limited liability partnership for carrying on a lawful business with a view to profit and have entered  a limited liability partnership agreement in writing. We respectively agree to contribute money or other property or other benefits or to perform services for the limited liability partnership in accordance with the limited liability partnership agreement, the particulars of which are stated in at serial number 8 or 9 against our respective names. Name of Each partner	Designation	Signature of Designated Partner/Partner/nominee of body corporate	Name, address    ( along with professional membership number) of witness	Signature of witness						                             SCHEDULE 1ANCILLARY OR OTHER BUSINESS CARRIED OVER BY THE PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLPTHE  BUSINESS INCIDENTAL OR ANCILLARY  TO THE ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN BUSINESS ARE:As may be determined by the designated partners and approved by the Board of Partners at their meeting.THE OTHER BUSINESS ARE:As may be determined by the designated partners and approved by the Board of Partners at their meeting.						SCHEDULE 2MATTERS TO BE DECIDED BY A RESOLUTION PASSED BY A MAJORITY IN NUMBER OF THE PARTNERS IN A MEETING OF THE BOARD OF PARTNERS:Ratification of this LLP Partnership Agreement; The admission of new Partners;Assignment and transfer of partnership rights, by the Partners in any way;Expulsion of any Partner;Quarterly review of performance of the LLP;Review of operational issues including investments, human resources and administration.Compliance review.Convening of General Meeting of all partners.Change of the authorized signatory of the bank Account.Any change in the rights and duties of the partners.Change in the profit sharing pattern/ ratio of LLP.Change in the Capital Structure of LLP.Change of the situation of the Registered office of LLP.SCHEDULE 3     Management of the LLPPIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP shall be managed by the Board of Partners constituted under these present or through the provisions of any Supplemental Agreement that may be entered into on admission of new partners. The Board of Partners generally transacts policy and routine matters. The Designated partners shall be vested with substantial executive powers of management of the affairs of PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP. The Designated partners shall also be empowered to supervise, monitor and implement the recommendations of Governance Board, operational/ executive committees and delegate such powers and responsibilities to them for management of the affairs of the PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP Mr. Rahul Gonsalves and Mr. Kamaan Singh Dhami are the Managing Partners and are responsible for the operations of the LLP.1.   Apart from the specific powers of the Board of Partners as described in Schedule 2 above, the Designated partners appointed by the LLP shall be responsible both for business management in its entirety, compliance management under the LLP Act and this Agreement. The management of the LLP shall be carried by the Designated Partners, named in the Incorporation Document submitted for the LLP’s registration and to be answerable for the doing of all acts, matters and things as are required to be done by the LLP in respect of compliance of the provisions of the LLP Act, 2008, in terms of sections 7, 8 and 9 of the said Act. The Designated Partners may by their unanimous decision, delegate their powers to any one or more Designated Partners or any top-ranking officers of the LLP as they may consider fit or necessary in the management of the affairs of the LLP at any time or from time to time and similarly withdraw the same. 2.    Every Designated Partner shall be entitled to take part in the management of the LLP.Any matter or issue relating to the LLP shall be decided by Designated Partners, being the partners appointed by these presents, so long as they continue as the designated Partners of the LLP.Banking arrangements for the LLP shall be as unanimously decided by the Designated Partners at any time and from time to time, ensuring that all money received by way of Cheques, drafts or other pay orders shall be promptly paid into the LLP’s banking account.Each Partner shall render true accounts and full information of all things affecting the LLP to the Designated Partner(s) and on request to any Partner or his legal representative.All decisions of the Board of Partners shall be taken at meetings called by a notice in writing or by circular resolutions in cases of urgency. 7. Meetings in which all Partners are entitled to participate to deliberate and decide on the matters specified in Schedule 4 herein below, shall be called General Meetings, In addition to this, designated partners may constitute internal Governance Board / Committees with independent members with professional skill sets required for the efficient management of the PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP and the designated partners would specify the role, responsibilities and frequency of meetings of such bodies. The provisions as are applicable to calling, holding and conducting/adjourning etc., of general meetings and Board meetings and keeping of minutes of such meetings of pure private companies limited by shares under the companies Act, 1956, shall apply respectively to the said kinds of meetings, excluding the special resolutions, requisitioned resolutions, special notices, special business and explanatory statements, requisitioned meetings and default meetings and the related jurisdiction as well as powers of the Court/Tribunal/Central government conferred under the said Act. Every such meeting shall be called by any Designated Partner on the basis of a decision of the Executive Meeting or by circular resolution passed by majority of Designated Partners in any exigency.8.  A resolution circulated in writing and signed by a majority of the Partners, Board of Partners and/or Designated Partners, as the case may be, depending upon whether it is a business to be transacted at a General Meeting, meeting of Board of Partners or Executive Meeting, including the Partners who are the original Parties to this Agreement in every case, shall be deemed to be duly passed, the date of passing such circular resolution being the date of the signature of the person signing last.9.  The designated partners may also appoint a whole time Compliance Officer to look after the compliances under the LLP Act, matters specified in LLP agreement, reporting to the Partners of LLP of the state of affairs of the PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP order of the Executive / Governance Board /Committee Meetings, Compliance under other enactments as applicable PIXELOGUE DESIGN LLP and such other responsibilities as may be entrusted to him by the designated partners from time to time. 					SCHEDULE 4	MATTERS TO BE DECIDED BY A RESOLUTION PASSED BY A MAJORITY IN NUMBER OF THE PARTNERS IN A GENERAL MEETING OF PARTNERS:Acceptance of Annual Accounts and Solvency and the Auditor’s Report thereon;Nomination of the representatives of partners on the Board of Partners.Any matter pertaining to individual rights and obligations attached to the Partners.Any proposal of the LLP to make an application to the Central Government that the affairs of the LLP ought to be investigated;Change of business;Any sale or merger or amalgamation of the LLP with another entity or the incidence of any extraordinary loss or jeopardy or ‘waste’ to the property of the LLP as defined in section 66 of the Transfer of Property Act, 1882, warranting the appointment of a Receiver; andWinding up and dissolution of the LLP.